Update Resources docs (#282)
astronomer/docs: cloud/resource-reference-aws.md

Keep in mind that leveraging ephemeral storage is not recommended and can be a risk to task resilience. If you need to pass significant data between Airflow tasks, we recommend using an [XCom backend](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/xcoms.html) such as AWS S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS). For more information and best practices, read our Airflow Guide on [Passing Data Between Airflow Tasks](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-passing-data-between-tasks).

:::

### RDS Instance Type

> Astronomer Cloud supports a variety of AWS RDS instance types. Instance types comprise of varying combinations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity. The databases from all Deployments running on a single Cluster are powered by the RDS instance specified during the Cluster creation or modification process.
> 
> For detailed information on each instance type, reference [AWS documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/). If you're interested in a node type that is not on this list, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io). Not all instance types are supported in all AWS regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Astronomer Cluster on AWS is created with and requires an [RDS instance](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/). RDS serves as a primary relational database for the Data Plane and powers the metadata database of each Airflow Deployment within a single Cluster. During the Cluster creation process, you'll be asked to specify an RDS instance type according to your use case and expected workload, but it can be modified at any time.

Astronomer Cloud supports a variety of AWS RDS instance types. Instance types comprise of varying combinations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity. For detailed information on each instance type, reference [AWS documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/instance-types/). If you're interested in an RDS instance type that is not on this list, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```
